docs(ShadowContainer): Adjusting docs after review (#729)
unoplatform/uno.toolkit.ui: doc/controls/ShadowContainer.md

---

## Summary
The `ShadowContainer` provides the ability to layer multiple shadows to its content.

## Package Reference
A reference to [Uno.Toolkit.Skia.WinUI](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Uno.Toolkit.Skia.WinUI) package must be added to your Uno app so you can access `ShadowContainer` class and its features.

## Remarks

> Currently, the control simply mimic the shape of its content by size and by corner radius. Complicated shapes, such as text or pictures with alpha, are not yet supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the control simply mimics the shape of its content by size and by corner radius. Complicated shapes, such as text or pictures with alpha, are not yet supported.
```

---

## Summary

> The `ShadowContainer` provides the ability to add many-colored shadows to its content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `ShadowContainer` provides the ability to add layer multiple shadows to its content.
```

## Package Reference

> A reference to [Uno.Toolkit.Skia.WinUI](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Uno.Toolkit.Skia.WinUI) package must be added to your Uno app so you can access `ShadowContainer` class and features.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A reference to [Uno.Toolkit.Skia.WinUI](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Uno.Toolkit.Skia.WinUI) package must be added to your Uno app so you can access `ShadowContainer` class and its features.
```

## Remarks

> For now, the control simply adapts its corner radius to the content's corner radius. More complicated shapes, such as text or pictures with alpha, are not supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, the control simply mimic the shape of its content by size and by corner radius. Complicated shapes, such as text or pictures with alpha, are not yet supported.
```

BlurRadius | double | The radius of the blur that will be applied to the shadow **[0..100]**.
Spread | double | The spread will inflate or deflate (if negative) the control shadow size **before** applying the blur.

As mentioned `IsInner` is similar to `inset` of `box-shadow` in CSS. See below an image that illustrate its usage:

> ![CSS box-shadow without inset](../assets/box-shadow.png)

Reviewer 3: It looks like this and the next images are the wrong way around.
The text immediately above talks about IsInner/inset.

Without `inset` a Drop (outer) Shadow is rendered.

![CSS box-shadow with inset](../assets/box-shadow-inset.png)

With `inset` an Inner Shadow is rendered.

> For more info of how `inset` works in CSS for `box-shadow` follow [this link](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/box-shadow#values).

Reviewer 3: "this link" is bad for usability and SEO.
Use the URL as the text for the link.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Be careful not to confuse the `Shadow` property with the `Shadows` property. The singular `Shadow` property comes from `UIElement`. To add shadows to the `ShadowContainer`, use only the `Shadows` property.

## Usage

> See how to add shadows to your controls with the following code and the result.

Reviewer: We musy explain that a new package reference is needed to get shadows.

> Observe shadows usage with the following code snippets and its results below.

Reviewer 3: General documentation guidance is to write naturally as if speaking to a real person. This does not sound like anyone talks. - apologies if you do talk like this.

BlurRadius | double | The radius of the blur that will be applied to the shadow **[0..100]**.
Spread | double | The spread will inflate or deflate (if negative) the control shadow size **before** applying the blur.

> As mentioned `IsInner` is similar to `inset` of `box-shadow` in CSS. See below an image that illustrate its usage:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
As mentioned `IsInner` is similar to `inset` of `box-shadow` in CSS. See below an image that illustrates its usage:
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As mentioned `IsInner` is similar to `inset` of `box-shadow` in CSS. See the images below that illustrate its effects:
```

				BorderBrush="{StaticResource UnoColor}"
				Content="Bulging element"
				CornerRadius="15"
				Foreground="White" />
	</utu:ShadowContainer>

	<StackPanel Margin="0,30,0,0"
				Padding="24"
				HorizontalAlignment="Center"
				Orientation="Horizontal"
				Spacing="16">

		<utu:ShadowContainer Shadows="{StaticResource NeumorphismRaising}">
			<Button Background="{StaticResource UnoColor}"
					BorderThickness="0"
					Content="Regular"
					Foreground="White" />
		</utu:ShadowContainer>

		<utu:ShadowContainer Shadows="{StaticResource NeumorphismRaising}">
			<Button Width="80"
					Height="80"
					Background="{StaticResource UnoColor}"
					BorderBrush="{StaticResource UnoColor}"
					Content="Circular"
					CornerRadius="40"
					Foreground="White" />
		</utu:ShadowContainer>

		<utu:ShadowContainer Shadows="{StaticResource NeumorphismRaising}">
			<Button Height="60"
					Background="{StaticResource UnoColor}"
					BorderThickness="0"
					Content="Bigger"
					CornerRadius="20"
					Foreground="White" />
		</utu:ShadowContainer>
	</StackPanel>
</StackPanel>
```

![neumorphism built with 2 shadows](../assets/shadows-neumorphism.png)

## Theme Switching support

> To ensure that the Shadows feature seamlessly integrates with Theme Switching, it's essential to include each shadow definition within the Theme Dictionary. By doing so, you'll enable consistent shadow rendering across different themes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that the Shadows feature seamlessly integrates with [Theme Switching](xref:Uno.Features.Themes
), it's essential to include each shadow definition within the Theme Dictionary. By doing so, you'll enable consistent shadow rendering across different themes.
```

Here's a snippet demonstrating how to structure your Theme Dictionary for shadow support:

```xml
xmlns:utu="using:Uno.Toolkit.UI"
...

<ResourceDictionary>
	<ResourceDictionary.ThemeDictionaries>
		<ResourceDictionary x:Key="Dark">
			<Color x:Key="LightShadowColor">Pink</Color>
			<Color x:Key="ShadeShadowColor">SkyBlue</Color>

			<utu:ShadowCollection x:Key="ButttonShadows">
				<utu:Shadow BlurRadius="10" 
							IsInner="True" 
							OffsetX="-5" 
							OffsetY="-5" 
							Opacity="1" 
							Spread="0" 
							Color="{StaticResource LightShadowColor}" />
				<utu:Shadow BlurRadius="10" 
							IsInner="True" 
							OffsetX="4" 
							OffsetY="4" 
							Opacity="1" 
							Spread="0" 
							Color="{StaticResource ShadeShadowColor}" />
			</utu:ShadowCollection>
		</ResourceDictionary>
		<ResourceDictionary x:Key="Light">
			<Color x:Key="LightShadowColor">Orange</Color>
			<Color x:Key="ShadeShadowColor">Green</Color>

> 			<utu:ShadowCollection x:Key="ButttonShadows">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			<utu:ShadowCollection x:Key="ButtonShadows">
```

				<utu:Shadow BlurRadius="10" 
							IsInner="True" 
							OffsetX="-5" 
							OffsetY="-5" 
							Opacity="1" 
							Spread="0" 
							Color="{StaticResource LightShadowColor}" />
				<utu:Shadow BlurRadius="10" 
							IsInner="True" 
							OffsetX="4" 
							OffsetY="4" 
							Opacity="1" 
							Spread="0" 
							Color="{StaticResource ShadeShadowColor}" />
			</utu:ShadowCollection>
		</ResourceDictionary>
	</ResourceDictionary.ThemeDictionaries>
</ResourceDictionary>
...

> <utu:ShadowContainer Shadows="{StaticResource ButttonShadows}">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<utu:ShadowContainer Shadows="{StaticResource ButtonShadows}">
```

				BorderBrush="{StaticResource UnoColor}"
				Content="Bulging element"
				CornerRadius="15"
				Foreground="White" />
	</utu:ShadowContainer>

	<StackPanel Margin="0,30,0,0"
				Padding="24"
				HorizontalAlignment="Center"
				Orientation="Horizontal"
				Spacing="16">

		<utu:ShadowContainer Shadows="{StaticResource NeumorphismRaising}">
			<Button Background="{StaticResource UnoColor}"
					BorderThickness="0"
					Content="Regular"
					Foreground="White" />
		</utu:ShadowContainer>

		<utu:ShadowContainer Shadows="{StaticResource NeumorphismRaising}">
			<Button Width="80"
					Height="80"
					Background="{StaticResource UnoColor}"
					BorderBrush="{StaticResource UnoColor}"
					Content="Circular"
					CornerRadius="40"
					Foreground="White" />
		</utu:ShadowContainer>

		<utu:ShadowContainer Shadows="{StaticResource NeumorphismRaising}">
			<Button Height="60"
					Background="{StaticResource UnoColor}"
					BorderThickness="0"
					Content="Bigger"
					CornerRadius="20"
					Foreground="White" />
		</utu:ShadowContainer>
	</StackPanel>
</StackPanel>
```

![neumorphism built with 2 shadows](../assets/shadows-neumorphism.png)

## Theme Switching support

> To ensure that the Shadows feature seamlessly integrates with [Theme Switching](xref:Uno.Features.Themes), it's essential to include each shadow definition within the Theme Dictionary. By doing so, you'll enable consistent shadow rendering across different themes.
> 
> Here's a snippet demonstrating how to structure your Theme Dictionary for shadow support:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To ensure that the Shadows feature seamlessly integrates with [Theme Switching](xref:Uno.Features.Themes), it's essential to include the shadow collection within the theme dictionary.

Here's a snippet demonstrating how to structure your theme dictionary for proper shadow support:
```

			<utu:ShadowCollection x:Key="ButtonShadows">
				<utu:Shadow BlurRadius="10" 
							IsInner="True" 
							OffsetX="-5" 
							OffsetY="-5" 
							Opacity="1" 
							Spread="0" 
							Color="{StaticResource LightShadowColor}" />
				<utu:Shadow BlurRadius="10" 
							IsInner="True" 
							OffsetX="4" 
							OffsetY="4" 
							Opacity="1" 
							Spread="0" 
							Color="{StaticResource ShadeShadowColor}" />
			</utu:ShadowCollection>
		</ResourceDictionary>
		<ResourceDictionary x:Key="Light">
			<Color x:Key="LightShadowColor">Orange</Color>
			<Color x:Key="ShadeShadowColor">Green</Color>

			<utu:ShadowCollection x:Key="ButtonShadows">
				<utu:Shadow BlurRadius="10" 
							IsInner="True" 
							OffsetX="-5" 
							OffsetY="-5" 
							Opacity="1" 
							Spread="0" 
							Color="{StaticResource LightShadowColor}" />
				<utu:Shadow BlurRadius="10" 
							IsInner="True" 
							OffsetX="4" 
							OffsetY="4" 
							Opacity="1" 
							Spread="0" 
							Color="{StaticResource ShadeShadowColor}" />
			</utu:ShadowCollection>
		</ResourceDictionary>
	</ResourceDictionary.ThemeDictionaries>
</ResourceDictionary>
...

> <utu:ShadowContainer Shadows="{StaticResource ButtonShadows}">

Reviewer 2: IMPORTANT
```suggestion
<utu:ShadowContainer Shadows="{ThemeResource ButtonShadows}">
```
